# All the permissions
    
    ds.help                   - Permission to get the list of all the available commands and provide useful information.
    ds.reload                 - Permission to reload the plugin configuration files.
    ds.shout                  - Permission to toggle chat shout mode.
    ds.shout.bypass           - Permission to bypass the chat shout mode.
    ds.<item-name>            - Permission to use a specific custom item (example: ds.knife).
    ds.items.*                - Permission to use all the custom items.
    ds.items.cmd              - Permission to use items command.
    ds.items.sign.use         - Permission to use the custom items sign shop.
    ds.items.sign.infinite    - Permission to purchase items without charge.
    ds.compass                - Permission to use compass GUI zone and camp tracker.
    ds.track.camp             - Permission to track your camp while using compass tracker.
    ds.track.zone             - Permission to track zones while using compass tracker.
    ds.track.*                - Permission to track camps and zones while using compass tracker.
    ds.infection.cmd          - Permission to execute commands when infection commands cancellation is true.
    ds.infection.immune       - Permission to ignore infection being spread by making the player immune.
    ds.fall                   - Permission to avoid slowness effect on fall.
    ds.leash                  - Permission to leash zombies while paralyzed.
    ds.climbing               - Permission to climb fences.
    ds.waterbottle            - Permission to have infinite water bottle sources from cauldrons.
    ds.sensors                - Permission to avoid sensors explosion as they stand or located on a sensor.
    ds.quests                 - Permission to open quests selection GUI.
    ds.quests.npc             - Permission to open quests selection GUI from an NPC (Citizens Trait).
    ds.setcamp                - Permission to set your camp location.
    ds.respawn                - Permission to auto-respawn on death.
    ds.barrels                - Permission to destroy a TNT when shooting for creating explosions.
    ds.place.<material>       - Permission to place certain crafting blocks that are cancelled(not in the list, example: WOOD_BUTTON. The permission would be ds.place.woodbutton
    ds.break.<material>       - Permission to break certain crafting blocks that are cancelled(not in the list, example, CHEST. The permission would be ds.break.chest
    ds.open.<material>        - Permission to open certain crafting blocks that are cancelled(in the list, example: DISPENSER. The permission would be ds.open.dispenser
    BACKPACK("ds.backpack"),
    BACKPACK_KEEP("ds.backpack.keep"),
    BACKPACK_OP("ds.backpack.*"),
    LOOT_EDIT("ds.loot.edit"),
    WAND("ds.wand"),
    WALKER_INVENTORY("ds.walker.inv"),
    WALKER_BACKPACK("ds.walker.backpack"),
    WALKER_OP("ds.walker.*"),
    THIRST("ds.thirst"),
    SPAWN_POINT_SET("ds.setspawnpoint"),
    RANDOM_SPAWN("ds.randomspawn"),
    RANDOM_SPAWN_SIGN("ds.randomspawn.sign"),
    PERK_RECEIVE("ds.perk.receive"),
    PERK_SIGN_USE("ds.perk.sign.use"),
    PERK_SHOP_INFINITE("ds.perk.infinite"),
    STATISTICS("ds.statistics"),
    OP("ds.*");
