
# ░ Aliases 
     
     deadsociety, ds
       
# ░ Commands

Admin Commands:
    
    /deadsociety help
    /deadsociety reload
    /deadsociety wand
    /deadsociety quests
    /deadsociety thirst refill
    /deadsociety thirst refill [player]
    /deadsociety items list
    /deadsociety items give [player] [item] [amount]
    /deadsociety setSpawnpoint
    /deadsociety setSpawnpoint [spawnpoint]
    /deadsociety zombie
    
Player Commands:

    /statistics
    /statistics [player]
    /randomSpawn
    /randomSpawn [world]
    /shout toggle
    /backpack
    /setCamp
    /gender [gender]

# ░ Permissions
    
    ds.help                   - Permission to get the list of all the available commands and permissions.
    ds.reload                 - Permission to reload the plugin configuration files.
    ds.shout                  - Permission to toggle chat shout mode.
    ds.shout.bypass           - Permission to bypass the chat shout mode.
    ds.thirst                 - Permission to refill your or other players thirst.
    ds.statistics             - Permission to get your or other player statistics.
    ds.<item-name>            - Permission to use a specific custom item (example: ds.knife).
    ds.items.*                - Permission to use all the custom items.
    ds.items.cmd              - Permission to give or get the list of all the available custom items.
    ds.items.sign.use         - Permission to use the custom item sigs.
    ds.items.sign.infinite    - Permission to purchase items without charge.
    ds.compass                - Permission to open the compass GUI for tracking camps and zones.
    ds.compass.track          - Permission to track zones and camps when using the compass.
    ds.infection.cmd          - Permission to execute commands when infection commands cancellation is true.
    ds.infection.immune       - Permission to ignore infection being spread by making the player immune.
    ds.infection.consume      - Permission to allow players consume items while being infected.
    ds.fall                   - Permission to avoid slowness effect on fall.
    ds.climbing               - Permission to climb fences.
    ds.waterbottle            - Permission to have infinite water bottle sources from cauldrons.
    ds.sensors                - Permission to avoid sensors explosion as they stand or located on a sensor.
    ds.quests                 - Permission to open quests selection GUI.
    ds.quests.npc             - Permission to open quests selection GUI from an NPC (Citizens Trait).
    ds.setcamp                - Permission to set your camp location.
    ds.respawn                - Permission to auto-respawn on death.
    ds.barrels                - Permission to destroy a TNT when shooting for creating explosions.
    ds.place.<material>       - Permission to place certain crafting blocks. 
    ds.open.<material>        - Permission to open certain crafting blocks.
    ds.break.<material>       - Permission to break certain crafting blocks.
    ds.backpack               - Permission to open your personal backpack contents.
    ds.backpack.keep          - Permission to keep your personal backpack contents on death.
    ds.wand                   - Permission to get a wand for creating or editing lootable chests.
    ds.wand.use               - Permission to use the wand when right-clicking a chest.
    ds.walker.backpack        - Permission to open an itinerant walker personal backpack contents.
    ds.setspawnpoint          - Permission to set spawnpoint locations for random spawning.
    ds.randomspawn            - Permission to use the command for getting teleported on a random spawn point location on the current world.
    ds.randomspawn.world      - Permission to use the command for getting teleported on a random spawn point location on the selected world.
    ds.randomspawn.sign       - Permission to use a sign for getting teleported on a random spawnpoint location on the current or selected world.
    ds.perk.receive           - Permission to receive random perks when killing players or zombies.
    ds.perk.sign.use          - Permission to use the perk signs.
    ds.perk.sign.infinite     - Permission to purchase perks without charge.
    ds.zombie.registration    - Permission to register/unregister and customize zombie categories.
    ds.*                      - Permission to use all the permissions as mentioned above.
   
   
